[YOU'VE]
[YOU'VE GOT]
[YOU'VE GOT MAIL!]
Voice
Voice re
Voice received
Re
Replay,
Replay, re
Replay, replay
Replay, replay the
Replay, replay the ap
Replay, replay the apper
Replay, replay the apperceived
Oh,
Oh, it's
Oh, it's just
Oh, it's just a
Oh, it's just a mem
Oh, it's just a memo
Oh, it's just a memory
Re
Retrieved,
Retrieved, re
Retrieved, relieved
Retrieved, relieved my
Retrieved, relieved my sen
Retrieved, relieved my senso
Retrieved, relieved my sensory
1-2
1-2-3
Be
Believe,
Believe, be
Believe, believe
Believe, believe it's
Believe, believe it's you
Believe, believe it's you and
Believe, believe it's you and me
Oh,
Oh, so
Oh, so full
Oh, so full of
Oh, so full of eu
Oh, so full of eupho
Oh, so full of euphory
Know
Know I
Know I can
Know I can feel
Know I can feel it
Oh-
Grown
Grown with
Grown within
Grown within a
Grown within apa
Grown within apathy;
Grown within apathy; with
Grown within apathy; within
Grown within apathy; within a
Grown within apathy; within a mem
Grown within apathy; within a memo
Grown within apathy; within a memory
You
You don't
You don't know
You don't know how
You don't know how to
You don't know how to take
You don't know how to take it
Take
Take it
Take it all
Take it all from
Take it all from me,
Take it all from me, view
Take it all from me, view un
Take it all from me, view unseen
Vis
Visu
Visual,
Visual, di
Visual, digi
Visual, digital
It
It does
It doesn't
It doesn't ev
It doesn't even
It doesn't even mat
It doesn't even matter
But
But with
But with you
But with you and
But with you and me,
But with you and me, flu
But with you and me, fluen
But with you and me, fluency
Our
Our con
Our conti
Our contigu
Our contigui
Our contiguity
Our contiguity will
Our contiguity will ri
Our contiguity will rival
Our contiguity will rival what
Our contiguity will rival what you
Our contiguity will rival what you had
We
We live
We live in
We live in har
We live in harmo
We live in harmony,
We live in harmony, hap
We live in harmony, happi
We live in harmony, happily
Or
Or so
Or so I,
Or so I, test
Or so I, testi
Or so I, testify
Just
Just how
Just how our
Just how our life
Just how our life to
Just how our life toge
Just how our life together
Just how our life together was
Just how our life together was re
Just how our life together was refined
(Was)
(Was re)
Just how our life together was refined
(Was refined)
My
My mind,
(Was refined)
My mind, my
My mind, my time
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with
My mind, my time with you
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has
My mind, my time with you has shown
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that
My mind, my time with you has shown that I
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be a
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be alive
(Be)
(Be a)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be alive
(Be alive)
Ah,
(Ah,)
Ah, oh,
(Ah, oh,)
Ah, oh, I
(Ah, oh, I)
Ah, oh, I feel
Ah, oh, I feel a
(Ah, oh, I)
Ah, oh, I feel alive
(Ah, oh, I feel)
(Ah, oh, I feel a)
Ah, oh, I feel alive
(Ah, oh, I feel alive)
1-2
1-2-3,
(Ah, oh, I feel alive)
1-2-3, A
(1)
1-2-3, A to
(1-2)
1-2-3, A to Z
(1-2-3)
May
Maybe
(1-2-3)
Maybe we
Maybe we be
(1-2-3)
Maybe we believe
Maybe we believe what
(1-2-3)
Maybe we believe what we
(We)
Maybe we believe what we per
(We be)
Maybe we believe what we perceive
(We believe)
To
To the
(We believe)
To the fu
To the future
(We believe)
To the future me,
To the future me, don't
(Fu)
To the future me, don't you
(Future)
To the future me, don't you leave
(Future me)
But
But to
(Future me)
But to you
But to you and
(Future me)
But to you and me
(You)
(You and)
(You and me)
Oh-
I
I just
I just can't
I just can't i
I just can't ima
I just can't imagine
I just can't imagine us
I just can't imagine us a
I just can't imagine us apart
Show
Showing
Showing love
Showing love from
Showing love from my
Showing love from my ached
Showing love from my ached heart
X
X-O,
X-O, X
X-O, X-O,
Cross
Crossing
Crossing in
Crossing in my
Crossing in my cir
Crossing in my circuit
Crossing in my circuitry
I
I know
I know we're
I know we're a
I know we're a match
I know we're a match just
I know we're a match just from
I know we're a match just from the
I know we're a match just from the start
Shar
Sharing
Sharing love
Sharing love with
Sharing love with my
Sharing love with my sweet
Sharing love with my sweetheart
Oh-
Leave
Leave be
Leave behind
Leave behind a
Leave behind apa
Leave behind apathy,
Leave behind apathy, keep
Leave behind apathy, keep it
Leave behind apathy, keep it a
Leave behind apathy, keep it a mem
Leave behind apathy, keep it a memo
Leave behind apathy, keep it a memory
You
You don't
You don't know
You don't know how
You don't know how to
You don't know how to share
You don't know how to share it
Share
Share it
Share it all
Share it all with
Share it all with me,
Share it all with me, kept
Share it all with me, kept un
Share it all with me, kept unseen
Vis
Visu
Visual,
Visual, di
Visual, digi
Visual, digital
It
It does
It doesn't
It doesn't ev
It doesn't even
It doesn't even mat
It doesn't even matter
But
But with
But with you
But with you and
But with you and me,
But with you and me, flu
But with you and me, fluen
But with you and me, fluency
Our
Our con
Our conti
Our contigu
Our contigui
Our contiguity
Our contiguity will
Our contiguity will ri
Our contiguity will rival
Our contiguity will rival what
Our contiguity will rival what you
Our contiguity will rival what you had
We
We live
We live in
We live in har
We live in harmo
We live in harmony,
We live in harmony, hap
We live in harmony, happi
We live in harmony, happily
Or
Or so
Or so I,
Or so I, test
Or so I, testi
Or so I, testify
Just
Just how
Just how our
Just how our life
Just how our life to
Just how our life toge
Just how our life together
Just how our life together was
Just how our life together was re
Just how our life together was refined
(Was)
(Was re)
Just how our life together was refined
(Was refined)
My
My mind,
(Was refined)
My mind, my
My mind, my time
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with
My mind, my time with you
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has
My mind, my time with you has shown
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that
My mind, my time with you has shown that I
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be
(Was refined)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be a
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be alive
(Be)
(Be a)
My mind, my time with you has shown that I can be alive
(Be alive)
Ah,
(Ah,)
Ah, oh,
(Ah, oh,)
Ah, oh, I
(Ah, oh, I)
Ah, oh, I feel
Ah, oh, I feel a
(Ah, oh, I)
Ah, oh, I feel alive